hey guys how's it going so today I'm
going to be doing a haul video and I've
been doing a lot of shopping lately I've
been buying sweaters and makeup and all
sorts of stuff but today I'm going to be
doing a clothing haul and I work at
nordstrom so it's extremely difficult
from him not to shop ever so everything
I got today is from Nordstrom's and
topshop because now the nordstroms i
work at has a top shop so it's really
cool the first thing i got is not from
Topshop it is from a brand called
minkpink and I got this sweater in a
size small and it's so cool how cool is
the sweater oh my god I'm obsessed with
it it's a tiger and it's honestly the
most beautiful thing I've ever seen ever
the moment I got this and I came home I
paired it with leather shorts and it
worked I paired it with like a leather
skirt I don't know why I think this
would look so good with other but it
does I think it's so cute and I just
love the colors I can't wait to wear
this and I'm actually going to Miami
this weekend and I think this is so
perfect for Miami so I'm really excited
this and the next one is from Topshop
and it's a gray knit sweater and as you
can see like has kind of like a high-low
hemline and I really am drawn to
sweaters like that just because I know
it'll cover my bum and I can just wear
leggings with it so I don't really have
to think too much about the help and
putting it together and it's from
Topshop and it's a size 2 and this one
was on sale for thirty four dollars and
ninety-nine cents which is really really
good for topshop but I just liked it
because i don't know i liked the gray
color and the white knit I just think
it's a cute chunky sweater the next
thing I bought is from Topshop and it's
this beautiful like red orange sweater
and it's really long and this is like
almost like a sweater dress on me and
this was originally $72 and then it went
on sale for 3599 it has like
three-quarter length sleeves and the
knit is like really really
and again you could just pair this with
a scarf or a cute necklace and some
leggings and call it a day next thing I
got is a another sweater and this one is
kind of like an oatmeal color and again
it's super alone well I'm gonna to cover
my butt and in the back it's super cute
it has like that detail it kind of like
shows your back and then the rope or
whatever this is the elastic is this
even elastic I don't even know it's
silver so super cute it's by the brand
trouver next thing I got is from Topshop
again and this is not another sweater
it's actually a skirt and it's like this
tinsel kind of skirt so cute it's high
waisted I'm like drawn to high waisted
thing and it just has like a really cute
gold zipper detail in the back of it and
this isn'ta sized to us too and this is
originally seventy dollars and i got it
for twenty bucks like that's awesome and
it's so cute next thing I got is another
skirt and this is a maxi skirt and I
actually got this from the BP section on
in Nordstrom's and it's a really cute
long maxi skirt and it has like a
built-in skirt like mini skirt in it and
then it goes sheer is he look you can
kind of see through it so it's really
really cute and I actually tucked the
orange like the reddish orange knit
sweater into this and it looks so cute
so I think I'm gonna actually wear that
as an outfit when I go to Miami I think
it'd be really cute actually I got is a
little crop top and it looks like this
and it's so cute reminds you of the
nineties and it has like a turtleneck
detail I thought like during the summer
this would look really really cute with
high-waisted shorts or just like right
now with like a high-waisted skirt or
high-waisted jeans or whatever I have
two more things and their scarves and
this one is just a really pretty like
burgundy scarf there's so many names for
this color now it's insane I'm like
obsessed with this color and it looks
really really cute on and it's actually
an infinity scarf so just like thought
this one was $32
kind of expensive but I really liked it
and I thought it was kind of like a
basic and then the next one I got was on
sale and it's actually black it's the
same scarf but it was on sale I don't
know why that one wasn't but this one
was fifteen dollars from 32 and it's
just a black infinity scarf just like
the other one super cute if you guys
want me to do a style video featuring
the things i bought let me know and
leave it in the comments below um and
I'll definitely do one because i love
doing styling videos i hope that you
guys are having a wonderful day thank
you so much for watching my video and i
will talk to you later bye